Describe an exceptional achievement and/or learned in your academic or work experience
How ould your expeience support your choice of programmes?
What are you plans upon graduation?

1)


2)


3)
After Graduation, I plan to apply to various IT job position, and from there work my way up to management level. While studies will teach how to manage a project, applying it to real life is different has different companies have different polices in place which will need to adjust the way that a porject is managed. On top of that, it is best to know what you are manageing by getting first hand to accquire the technical knowledge, as well as to build good repote with your colleagues and other department. This will allow others to understand what's your work ethnic, your way of thinkng and get to know you better, which will make project planning smoother as the people under you have a rough understanding of how you operate, and in some cases trust you more.

As for the field I am applying for, I mainly want to go into either Artifical intelligence, Cloud infrastrue set up, or Agile/DevOps. I have previously tried to train my own Language Learning Model (LLM) with LLAMA, and I am currently still trying to figure how the fundamentals of how to build an AI. 
For Cloud Infrastureture, different services like Azure or Amazon have different ways of setting up the cloud services, and designing the artiftureal tier model. I have previously set up simple Amzaon and Azure webservices, and found it interesting and fun to see how each different services are connected together and brainstorming on how to make it work.

Currently I having internship as a DevOps Engineer as part of Year 3 Polythnic module, and have great exposure of pipeline Contiune Intergration and Countiuous Deployment (CICD). I am posted at IRAS working on the IRIN3 Project and have touch different pipeline that deploy to different Azure Services, mainly Azure Datafactory (ADF), Azure Kuerbentes Services (AKS) and Dynamics D365. I have also helped to set up and SonarQube portal and monitor pods in the AKS, where we incoperate Flux-GitUps tool and Helmchart. Throughout my internship I throughly enjoyed my time and expeience there and gain immerse knowledge. 

With the studies I gain after University, without a doubt it will fuel this passion I have and use it to incoperate into the profession industry. It will add on to what I have already expeience and boost reshape my thinking process. After all, I strive to be better than myself from yesterday.
